hello guys welcome back to my channel
today we're going to talk about American
slang words that you have to know you
don't have to necessarily use them in
your speech but you have to know them
because when you're gonna communicate
with the native speaker with an American
you want to understand what he wants to
say so if you're interested please
continue watching this video before we
transition to naming those words I would
like to remind you that one of the best
things to do right now is to take your
exercise book and write the words down
because you're gonna be switching on
different types of your memories so
you're gonna be seen me this visual
you'd be listening to me audio or
comprehension memory and then when
you're writing things down with your own
hand this is another type of memory so
please write the words down and comment
below if you've been doing that the word
number one is bail and bail means
leaving abruptly so for example you went
to the cinema with your friends and then
you realize your homework isn't done yet
and you say hey guys I'm sorry I'm gonna
bail which means you're gonna go home
and just finish what you had to do to
feel blue is a pretty common phrase
slang phrase in all english-speaking
countries and to feel blue means to feel
sad a buck and the buck is American for
a dollar this costs 200 bucks right $200
give me a buck give me a dollar
give me a buck the next expression is by
the skin of my teeth so for example you
were playing something and you hurt
yourself but then you say I hurt myself
just by the skin of my teeth which means
yes it hurt but not a lot just barely
seemed you've passed by the skin of your
teeth creep Oh
creep is a title that he give to a
person who's really creepy that's a
great exfoliation right it's a really
weird unpleasant and strange person who
is acting in a weird way for example you
have a guy who's stalking you and
stalker is another slang somebody who's
following you who is trying to get your
tension and because he's around you all
the time doing strange things you're
gonna call him a creep creep creep
couch-potato should be one of my
favorite ones because this is a person
sits in the sofa and does nothing all
day everybody has this friend who you
call all the time and he's like uh I'm
sorry I will be able to join you today I
don't want to spend some time at home
and you can call him college potato
because he doesn't want to go out he
just wants to sit at home and do nothing
to crash which means to fall asleep uh
properly and this happens to me every
single day when I'm tired I go to bed
and I just crash which means go to sleep
really fast recording yes down to earth
is actually an adjective and you can
call a person down to earth when he's
really simple he doesn't try to show off
he's this normal guy he's really
down-to-earth funny sound earth another
expression that Americans like is for
real for example you tell somebody that
you're going to Europe and he's like Oh
for real are you going to Europe this
means honestly so instead of saying
honestly you can say for real for real
for real
another slang phrase is the cold
shoulder if you give somebody a cold
shoulder means you are ignoring them on
purpose so somebody is trying to reach
out to you and you give them a cold
shoulder which means you don't want to
communicate with them I think giving me
the cold shoulder another slang words
typically American and I've been
watching this movie called miss Sloan
this movie is all about this slang
phrase and this is the phrase Platt v
this is very political thing so there's
the Fifth Amendment to the American
Constitution which allows you to not
testify against yourself so for example
imagine there's this chord and there is
this guy who's accused of a crime and
somebody is asking him did you commit
this crime the guy pleads the fifth
which means he says according to the
Fifth Amendment of the Constitution
I would not testify against myself so he
won't tell anything because this infer
me
can be used against him so this is bleep
v now let's go down to something a
little easier and I think I've mentioned
this race in one of my videos by the way
I have a lot of videos about American
phrases I have a video about 50 common
phrases in English video about 100
common words in English and I have a
video about 25 idioms in English the
links will be below and please watch
them after watching this video next
phrase is screw up and screw up means
make a mistake I'm sorry I screwed up I
made a mistake
screw that bad yeah sorry instead of
saying nice and Wow and beautiful all
the time you can say oh that's sweet
which means that's nice but making your
speech diverse using different words is
actually really helpful for your
vocabulary and really help other people
because you don't sound the same all
over again so write this down sweet
means nice sweet tight this word can be
used when you're talking about
competition so tight competition means
there is a really small gap between two
competitors and the competition becomes
really tight so it's really intense
and they have to work really hard to
surpass each other tight the next word
is to trash you probably know the noun
trash and trash is the same as rubbish
rubbish as British trash as American
this means all of the things that you
throw away but to trash means to destroy
something so for example he trashed his
car means he destroyed his car maybe he
had an accident and now he has to get a
new ones he trashed his car wrap up is a
word that I hear every day and wrap up
means to finish something okay guys
let's wrap up let's finish to hang out
this is a word that you can use when
you're relating to your friends you're
inviting them to come over and you say
come over to my place which means come
to my place and let's hang out let's do
something together you can also use the
word to hang out to describe that you
are actually not visit with anything
simply sit at home and
friend calls Ian asks were you up to
which means what are you doing right now
and you're like nothing just hanging out
so you're just spending your time at
home maybe you're watching youtube
videos so nothing serious I'm just
hanging out hang out another word that I
love and that I hear a lot is wheels and
you know wheels which means you know
something that is rolling in your car
but you can also use the word wheels
instead of using the word car so I have
my own wheels today which means today
you're driving you're not taking an uber
or a taxi and this way you can use the
word wheels in the meaning of a car the
next one you've probably heard thousands
of times and the word is babe and you I
would not recommend using this word but
you need to understand so somebody if
you're a female and somebody is calling
you babe this is not really polite but
this means that the person who's calling
you babe finds you attractive and really
hot to bust somebody to get busted means
to be caught for doing something illegal
something you were not supposed to do
for example police busts burglars
everyday in the streets of San Francisco
police is everywhere they catch burglars
or they catch people who are
disregarding the rules so to get busted
means to get arrested to be caught if
you had a really good time watching this
video you can tell your friends that
you've had a blast and have a blast
means to be really entertained to have
really good time to really enjoy doing
something so if you're enjoyed watching
this video you can like it and you can
come and blow oh my god Morita I had a
blast this is a really cool video flash
and the last word that I wanted to share
with you today is epic fail an epic fail
means complete disaster awful I'm
laughing because it is used in the memes
all the time in a formal meeting you
won't really use the word epic fail but
I don't know if your friends try to hit
up on a girl try to flirt with a girl
and the girl just told that she's
married then that guy
and epic fail that was a pretty epic
fail they swear the slang words that I
wanted to share with you today thank you
so much for watching this video there
are three more videos that I suggest you
to watch the first is 100 common words
in English the second is 50 common
phrases in English and the third is 25
idioms in English that you should note
to sound more American the links will be
below please let me know if you enjoy
watching this video and I will see you
in the next logs please subscribe if you
haven't yet the red button see you soon
bye
[Music]